you
no the accident up there yeah someone
got hurt we did a lady she broke her
neck oh my god but you can see yes
where she
standing next to my window
[Music]
baby would be shaking cold what's wrong
if you ever talk to your mom about how
things are don't tell her things she
doesn't look at me like everybody else
and I don't want her to I don't want her
to know know what I don't see anything
you sure they're like you're falling
down real you ever feels prickly things
on the back of your neck
yes touchdown they get mad it gets all
often do you see them
and want me to do things for them
I think that they know that you're one
of these very rare people who can see
them so you need to help them words they
don't want help I don't think that's the
way it works for sure anyone there
[Music]
please